the traditional race of color change and to organize parliament the
Car
this is the third edition of solutions
songs in angola
satisfaction at midday
this art is always at the rendezvous
very friendly with the north
entry is free on the site
every family comes with children
here is an introduction to the men's collection
ch nearly one hundred exhibitors a lot we display complete the 300
of its contents
that's probably because the economic situation was not
necessarily easy
passion and the valley of munster
it's a rendez-vous in the street
really must-have industry expect prototype
our auto show has several themes
so including a theme on corvette chevrolet
this week will find it in saint-saturnin
at the price he wants like the 24-hour watch organized by another
mission to help both clubs
so we developed the bodies of the commune
there is also a tribute to steve maclean
compared to the german pib that had been shot after a 69 over 70
have celebrated forty years
we have the centenary alfa roméo who is very very well represented
featured by a title le mans
from 1966 other
we have everything to gain two of 960's cars
the club members made a big effort
to represent well
this starting grid so more is for popular cars you can
admire the renault 4 which will soon celebrate its 50th anniversary and the 404 which is
released in 1960
very nice showcase on the 915 porsche
mythical 24-hour car that has long held the second record of
goals
this state ventilated beaker which brought% will be taken large
7177pts rides and the most mythical cars
you have been duly
traditionally we apply local artist jean-marie who will
buy back makes a very very great draftsman that watercolors
extraordinary
Patrick Durand with his paintings really enter
very very searched too
and our friend jean-michel pla who aims to present his new
on one of the points that among us
jean-michel blanquer corner of the historians of the chiefs
he also presents
michel goodness
but our friend michel goodness actions today but
we can see admire all these works that are for sale in solesmes
all those who aspire to a buyer by a visitor is a buyer
other
except perhaps with small structures that will be
firefighters to lynch the community
the garbage truck
most played others can go up to 100 200
charleroi
receptacles to the general
he intercepts a buyer
it was the great revolution for ten years
does the TV series press to flood the market but that allows
also first of all to renew the offer
and then put the foot in the stirrup at the stirrup for people who
did not necessarily have the means
to buy vehicles and small collection vehicles
estelle philippines clitoris or victor j
and other dream of the time it was not to say fifty years
it's an added attraction
we must not decline
among the cars all of us
may play 60 members in addition to the present event
we also organize
at
facing this tournament and all-time show in the top 10 since
men
in e2 also organize trips look we visited the new
museum porsche and cnrc place in stuttgart
it's also part of the club's activities the weather an excessive atmosphere
extraordinary p so every day we renew a bit of high
so these
Everyone is invited
to join us if it's a pleasure on the first Thursday of every month
human rights to the general society that's why it's
disappointing